How did viewing a diff/FC between two versions of a file 
help you see the bug that was intrdouced?

Viewing a FC helped me see the bug as it 
does comparisons between the two source files 
and displays line by line the differences
of each file within the code

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file 
make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

Having easy access to the entire history of a file makes me
more efficient because if my code doesn't work in my current
version, I can revert the state of the code to the previous
version of the file stored in the file's history

What do you think are the pros and cons of 
manually choosing when to create a commit, 
like you do in Git, vs having versions 
automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

Pros: flexibility of choosing when to commit
	  user is able to make meaningful commits
	  user can go through history easier
Cons: Not saving enough is a risk
      Not as convienient as automatically having versions saved

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow 
saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like 
Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Treating each file differently in the case of Git would be pointless,
because these files together each refer to one specific thing/logical 
change so multiple files in one commit is the best choice. 
However with Google Docs, the docs aren't interconnected therefore
the files can be treated separately.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

git log displays the history of files within the respository, by displaying
each commit that has been done with an ID, author, date and time etc.
git diff can be used to compare commits by using the ID and find differences
between each of the files

How might using version control make you more confident to 
make changes that could break something?

It makes you more confident since you can just revert to the previous working version
of that code.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
I don't fucking know, BITE ME.